privacy/index.md, before:

---
title: "Infa | Privacy Policy"
date: 2024-05
author: "Infa"
description: "Read Infa's Privacy Policy detailing how we handle personal information collected through our services, including our Chrome Extension."
tags: ["Privacy"]
image: "https://api.infa.ai/storage/v1/object/public/assets/InfaAiSocialMediaPreview.png"
---

### Privacy

Effective date: May 26, 2024

This Privacy and Cookies Policy describes how Infa ("we," "our," or "us") collects, uses, and shares information about you through our application accessed via https://infa.ai, following your use of Google Sign-In as an authentication method.

###### Information We Collect

We collect information provided by Google Sign-In, including your email address, name, and profile picture. We also store and manage any boards and components you create within Infa.ai.

###### How We Use Your Information

We use your information to:

-   Manage your account
-   Provide customer support
-   Ensure the functionality and security of our services
-   Respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests

###### Sharing Your Information

We do not share your personal information with third parties except with Google Cloud for authentication and Vercel for hosting our application.

###### Cookies

Cookies are small text files placed on your device that collect data about your device and your actions across websites. At Infa, we use cookies primarily for authentication purposes to enhance and personalize your user experience.

###### How We Use Cookies

**Authentication Only:** Cookies help us recognize you as a returning user, so you can easily access your account without having to sign in every time you visit Infa. We do not use cookies for tracking purposes or sell your information to third parties.

###### Managing Your Cookie Preferences

Currently, Infa does not offer functionality to manage cookie preferences as the cookies we use are essential for the operation of our website and services, particularly for authentication. You can manage your cookie settings in your web browser to accept or refuse cookies. Please note that disabling cookies may interfere with your ability to use some features of the Infa platform, especially those that require sign-in.

###### Security

We implement reasonable measures to help protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access.

###### Your Choices

You may update, correct, or delete information about you at any time by logging into your account or emailing us at contact@Infa.ai. If you wish to delete your account, you can also contact us using the same email address.

###### Changes to This Policy

We may update this policy from time to time. The latest version will always be posted on our website with the updated effective date, which is May 26, 2024.

###### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at contact@infa.ai.

Commit message:

Updating Policies
Adding important note that user data will not be used for training purposes. Intercom has been added as a provider for customer support

privacy/index.md, after:

---
title: "Infa | Privacy Policy"
date: 2024-05
author: "Infa"
description: "Read Infa's Privacy Policy detailing how we handle personal information collected through our services, including our Chrome Extension."
tags: ["Privacy"]
image: "https://api.infa.ai/storage/v1/object/public/assets/InfaAiSocialMediaPreview.png"
---

### Privacy

Effective date: Nov 1, 2024

This Privacy and Cookies Policy describes how Infa ("we," "our," or "us") collects, uses, and shares information about you through our application accessed via https://infa.ai, following your use of Google Sign-In as an authentication method.

###### Important Notice

We do not use your data to train any AI models. Additionally, we will never sell your data to third parties. Our commitment is to protect your privacy and use your information only for the purposes outlined in this policy.

###### Information We Collect

We collect information provided by Google Sign-In, including your email address, name, and profile picture. Additionally, we store and manage any boards and components you create within Infa.ai.

Intercom Support Tool: For customer support purposes, we use Intercom as an in-app support tool. Intercom may collect information such as user inquiries, interactions, and responses to help address customer support needs and improve service quality.

###### How We Use Your Information
We use your information to:
* Manage your account
* Provide customer support
* Ensure the functionality and security of our services
* Respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests
* Improve Support: Information collected through Intercom is used to enhance customer support and manage inquiries directly within the app.

###### Sharing Your Information

We do not share your personal information with third parties except with Google Cloud for authentication, Vercel for hosting our application, Supabase for backend, and Intercom for customer support. Information shared with Intercom is used solely for customer support and service improvement, within the scope of Infa's privacy standards.

###### Cookies

Cookies are small text files placed on your device that collect data about your device and your actions across websites. At Infa, we use cookies primarily for authentication purposes to enhance and personalize your user experience.

###### How We Use Cookies

**Authentication Only:** Cookies help us recognize you as a returning user, so you can easily access your account without having to sign in every time you visit Infa. We do not use cookies for tracking purposes or sell your information to third parties.

###### Managing Your Cookie Preferences

Currently, Infa does not offer functionality to manage cookie preferences as the cookies we use are essential for the operation of our website and services, particularly for authentication. You can manage your cookie settings in your web browser to accept or refuse cookies. Please note that disabling cookies may interfere with your ability to use some features of the Infa platform, especially those that require sign-in.

###### Security

We implement reasonable measures to help protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access. Intercom complies with our security standards, and user interactions within the support tool are retained according to Infa’s data privacy practices.

###### Your Choices

You may update, correct, or delete information about you at any time by logging into your account or emailing us at contact@Infa.ai. If you wish to delete your account, you can also contact us using the same email address.

###### Changes to This Policy

We may update this policy from time to time. The latest version will always be posted on our website with the updated effective date, which is November 1, 2024.

The previous versions of our privacy policy can be [found here](https://github.com/infa-ai/Infa-Content-Hub/commits/main/privacy/index.md).

###### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at contact@infa.ai.
